README.md, before:

# task runner
Task runner runs the complete set of
[partial permutations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permutation#k-permutations_of_n)
of a given set of tasks. The set is run in a random order.

## How to use
```
python3 task_runner.py --task-path /Users/user/task1.py /Users/user/task2.py /Users/user/task3.py --num 2 --id RS999
```

### Arguments
```
--task-path [task1] [task2] ...
```
A space separated list of paths to the tasks. Tasks are assumed to be
implemented using PsychoPy, and have been compiled to Python script form.
Optional. Default assumes three tasks in the home directory with names `ROC.py`,
`value_affirmation.py` and `construal_level_task.py`,

```
--num [number]
```
How many tasks to run per block. Blocks are created from the partial
permutations of the task list. For example, with 3 tasks `A`, `B`, and `C` and `--num 2`,
6 blocks will be created and executed in a random order. A possible task
execution order is:
```
AB
CB
BC
CA
AC
BA
```
Optional. Default is `--num 2`.

#### Prerequisites
Install psychopy as a Python module, by running `pip3 install psychopy`.

Commit message:

Document participant id command line option

README.md, after:

# task runner
Task runner runs the complete set of
[partial permutations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permutation#k-permutations_of_n)
of a given set of tasks. The set is run in a random order.

## How to use
```
python3 task_runner.py --task-path /Users/user/task1.py /Users/user/task2.py /Users/user/task3.py --num 2 --id RS999
```

### Arguments
```
--task-path [task1] [task2] ...
```
A space separated list of paths to the tasks. Tasks are assumed to be
implemented using PsychoPy, and have been compiled to Python script form.
Optional. Default assumes three tasks in the home directory with names `ROC.py`,
`value_affirmation.py` and `construal_level_task.py`,

```
--num [number]
```
How many tasks to run per block. Blocks are created from the partial
permutations of the task list. For example, with 3 tasks `A`, `B`, and `C` and `--num 2`,
6 blocks will be created and executed in a random order. A possible task
execution order is:
```
AB
CB
BC
CA
AC
BA
```
Optional. Default is `--num 2`.

```
--id [participant identifier]
```
Participant identifier, for logging the task run order. Must be in `RS` followed
by 3 digits. Example: `--id RS999`.

#### Prerequisites
Install psychopy as a Python module, by running `pip3 install psychopy`.
